Ari Emanuel is a true business and
entertainment Renaissance [music] man. I
just don't think there's anyone else
like him in the world. He was able to
transition from having a really hard
time as a kid growing up dyslexic.
[music]
>> I was in special ed. There can't be more
embarrassing than that. Like so anything
now, I'm not
I'm not going to [__] Like you can't
embarrass me. To [music] getting
activated in the mailroom at CAA all the
way to being one of the greatest agents,
the inspiration for Ari Gold on
Entourage to becoming a successful
entrepreneur owning and running sports
leagues like the UFC and the WWE, many
many more that we get into in this
conversation. You got to
over-communicate. If they're not getting
back to you, you got to keep on calling
them. Like, "What are you doing?" Like
that's the job. His simple thesis that
live [music] is the antidote to AI risk,
that AI and technology can never disrupt
live and actually makes it way more
valuable.
>> I'm having my dinner with Elon [music]
and we're talking about AI. He said this
to me. He goes, "Live cannot be
disrupted." I said, "Okay."
>> [laughter]
>> I I have 2 years.
>> This is one. If you're listening right
now, I would encourage you to stop and
watch. This is someone that you can feel
their physical presence in a distinctive
way. And who the [__] wants to be
normal? Like normal sucks,
right?
>> Both he directly and everyone that works
with him all day long is just moving
through stuff with a velocity and a pace
and an urgency [music] that is rare or
singular. So I hope you enjoyed this
awesome conversation with Ari Emanuel.
We're going to UFC tomorrow night? Yes.
I've never seen it and I've never been
to an event, but it has captured
everyone's imagination. It's this
amazing business. I think you bought it
in 2016. Can you just explain the magic
of this business? When I started, I
represented the WWE. Yeah. And I
represented the UFC and I when I signed
the UFC, it was on Spike. You know, we
had a whole
division inside the company looking at
ratings.
And all of a sudden they came in and
they showed me,
"Here's this thing on Spike and here's
the numbers." And then I realized like,
"Wow, this thing's ratings are starting
to move." So
I figured out, "Oh, it's Dana White and
the Fertittas." And I represented the
WWE and they're close enough and you
know, so I called them.
Called Dana. Yeah. Yeah.
And eventually I got a meeting.
And I completely screwed up the meeting.
Yeah, I was talking about the WWE, they
you know, it was just bad. It was one of
my worst signing meetings. And um I just
kept at it cuz I knew
based on their ratings and what they
were getting as the license fee, the
domestic license fee,
it wasn't enough money. And I knew if I
got my hands on it, I could do some
stuff with it. It just as a
representative. And so eventually
after doing a couple things, he signed
with me.
The the organization signed with me.
And we took
they were making $15 million a year
from Spike.
And I think the first deal I made at
Spike was um
I increased it to 75, something like
that. And we made a video game deal,
which they had never had. You know,
after 20 years
it you know, it was we moved it to Fox
for $150 million.
Good growth rate so far. Yeah,
>> [laughter]
>> we've we've done well.
And then my life changed cuz Silver Lake
came into my life.
We started buying companies.
We bought IMG.
And we had started building an
infrastructure
because of IMG, they had sports and
events, an infrastructure to whether it
be licensing, distribution, production,
a lot of things that companies needed on
a global basis, not just a domestic
basis.
And then the Fertittas decided they
wanted to sell.
And a little bit before that we had
bought PBR, the Professional Bull
Riding,
had started turning that thing around.
Silver Lake, Egon, my partner Egon
Durban, realized, you know, we had we do
more negotiations
at on the domestic side broadcasting for
TV shows and movies than kind of almost
anybody else like we you could handle
and we'd already done it for other
people. We you could handle a sports if
you owned it.
And I concluded where the world was
going. I was kind of talking about it's
going to go to streaming.
Sports going to be important.
It was on cable. It's going to move
there because they're going to for AVOD
and everything.
So
we buy it.
Now at the time when we bought IMG, the
closest bidder we think was churning at
1.9 billion. We we paid 2.4. Everybody
thought it was the highest price ever
paid. When we bought UFC
on the current trajectory, it was 20
times.
If I made the proper domestic deal, I
could take take the leverage down. And I
thought
I just did the math.
You know, here's how much they needed
because of here's how much programming
and then here's how cuz five remember at
the time Fox owned these RSNs,
the regional players. And they had just
the spokes off the library. And I said
they have to pay here's a normal
increase. Not like the rest of your
people that sit in this chair when you
ask them how they
>> [laughter]
>> do their analysis. Cut to, we buy it.
People
think we're crazy. And then
the world blows up.
Rupert decides to sell to Disney. Those
two people are not bidding. Comcast
didn't want it. Warners didn't want it.
And Paramount had not decided what they
were going to be.
>> Right. So now I'm looking at myself. Can
we swear on this?
>> Of course.
>> Yeah. We're [__]
>> [laughter]
>> Right? I mean
I got no bidders. Yeah. And my
contract's coming up in a year. So
we go back to Fox
sans
what they were going to have remaining
and say, "You should buy this."
Lachlan didn't want to do it for his
point of view. I think it was like
three or four months
into close into our deal coming off Fox.
ESPN
fires John Skipper who was always
shining me on that he wanted it. He
never wanted it. Bob Iger
and Kevin Mayer
say, "We want it cuz we're going to go
direct on ESPN."
>> [snorts]
>> And we make a deal. You're you're coming
on Saturday to the pay-per-views,
which we have stopped now since we're
going to Paramount. And and we have
these kind of just normal fights every
weekend.
Um our fight nights. So I I did my job.
It was emotionally trying, but we got it
done. And
what then happened, which was
incredible, was um
and horrible all at once. COVID happens.
>> Right. World shuts down. You went to the
Middle East, right?
>> Dana goes,
"We're putting the fights on." I said,
"I'm I got your back." He goes, "Get me
an island."
I call my partners in the Middle East in
Abu Dhabi.
And um
Kaldoun who owns um Man City.
>> [snorts]
>> And I said, "We need an island. And we
need planes and we need testing
everything." Everything. And
cuz there's not going to be no honest,
we need this and
he says, "Yes."
And so we bring fighters in from Europe.
We bring fighters in from the United
States. We test. Everybody's isolated
for 2 weeks. And we we spent like 2
months, I think, maybe 3 months there.
And no one else is doing anything.
>> No no sports on.
>> Yeah. And it blows up. Mhm. How much of
an inflection was that in audience size?
Like
>> Oh, it mean our pay-per-views were
getting like a million views. I mean it
was it was insane. Yeah. Cuz there was
no sports on. Zero.
I don't know if you remember that
period. It was like nothing.
>> Yeah, there was literally nothing.
>> And the two sports that we that we were
the first two up, the UFC and PBR.
And we had a whole document on our
testing. We did a whole
It was crazy. If I boil down your whole
life, is it is it make [__] happen over
and over and over and over relentlessly?
>> of relentlessly
not saying not taking no. Yeah. But I
think that's most successful people.
>> How are you so good at that? You have
you have you have a very distinctive
style of being extremely good at that.
How did that develop?
Well, when you have two older brothers
that are really good at their job and a
mother that and a father that um you
know, just push you. Yeah.
And there's many good things to
dyslexia.
And any parent that has a dyslexic
child, I will tell you
it does get better if you hang in there.
I don't get embarrassed easily. I'm not
somebody saying no, who cares. I just
keep on
Keep going.
>> Try try to open more doors. And so
[snorts] those elements in my life, my
mom, my brothers, competition, I'm
competitive with myself. Yeah. Very.
What's that feel like?
Horrible.
>> [laughter]
>> You know, it's exhausting.
Um but it's gotten better over you know,
But but what is it like internally? Are
you literally waking up like beating
yourself?
>> yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Every day? Yeah,
oh yeah. Yeah, yeah. I mean there's
you know, there's that clock there's
that voice Mhm.
kind of ticking off all the things you
got to do and playing the chess match.
And one of the things that Jeff Bezos
said to me it was so good. It really did
help me.
He said, "You have to at your age, Ari,
now
know when you're on the field and know
when you're off the field." The problem
in the past
it was helpful to a point, but you can't
get really successful. I was always on
the field.
Always.
Defined as what? Meaning I was always
playing chess in any conversation.
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah. Thinking of the angle,
working the situation. And sometimes
you know, it should just be Just chill
out. Chill the [__] [laughter] out,
right?
And um
I never realized that.
You know, and he kind of many things
helped me. What what that little
conversation
like was like, "You know, he's actually
right." And it actually makes when
you're on the field Better. Better. Mhm.
And I didn't I wasn't mature enough to
realize that until somebody slapped me
in the face. And being off the field for
you means what?
Well, like in any conversation, I'm not
>> You're not calculating for five
>> out all the different things. I'm not
It's not
It can just be a good conversation. I'm
curious, so I read a ton. I read a ton
of articles. I tell my office I want to
talk to that person. I want to talk to
that person. You know, I'm I'm on the
field a lot. But there's sometimes like
Chill exactly. Chill the [__] out. You
know, you don't have to be on the field.
>> What about wrestling? What did wrestling
How good were you at wrestling? What
made you good? What was your style? What
did it teach you? You know what it it
does do?
Wrestling. And I think um
like MMA and when you're in high school
and you have to go from my size now to
132 lbs. Easier when you're younger.
And you have to starve yourself plus
work out and go to school and
The the mental fortitude of that
just keeps on going in your life. That
you can handle that emotional pain.
And that's also in business.
You know, when we talk about like
I can handle a lot of emotional pain.
And I think one of the hardest things
now for kids which I hope I I teach my
kids is
that emotional endurance that you need
in life right now
is even more
you know, it's more challenging.
I think business just because business
is no longer binary. It's multi
multi-layered. You have to realize
sometimes you have to have a
relationship with somebody even though
there's things in that relationship you
don't like
to right? And I don't think that was in
the past in business. You had to think
through all those things. So and it's
just emotionally draining right now
because there's so many things going on.
So What was the most extreme emotional
pain you ever felt in business? This
situation with the UFC.
>> the contract thing. With the UFC. Yeah.
Cuz
you know, I put all the chips in the
middle. Four four 4.2 billion dollars in
the middle. Clients were investing. My
biggest investor is investing.
I had done the calculation like here's I
didn't see that Ruber was going to sell
and
and we're coming to the end.
Contract's four months away. Because of
that, my thyroid went on the fritz. It
was so much pressure. I'd never had that
physical like physical actual. I went
down to 142 lbs.
>> Holy [__] Yeah. Dana talks about this
like all gray hair and
emaciated sweating. I mean, it was
horrible. And finally I went to the
doctor and he goes, you know, your your
thyroid's
[__]
It going at a rate. And so
that was hard.
But once it got done
everything came back and kind of
>> [sighs]
>> calmed down. No longer was on the field
all the time.
>> What does the power dynamic feel like
today around content, those that own it,
and the places that it could be
distributed
versus the past of that same power
structure and how it's evolved?
>> in the past they couldn't own the the
the owners of distribution couldn't own
the whole Right.
thing. Now with cable gone and broadcast
not gone, but
in decline. We just talked about is it
going to be Warner Brothers with Netflix
or is it going to be Paramount? You
know, there's not a lot of supply chain.
These guys are doing it and they're
doing it within each other's boundaries.
Sony's one of the suppliers. There's
some.
Before there was a lot.
You know,
even before when I was in the business,
you had tax incentives for production.
There's a company called Witt Thomas and
all these independents used to supply.
They used to get tax benefits and supply
great programming and it was
unbelievable. Then you had syndication
and that's how at the beginning of my
career we made all this money.
You know, television was a great
business.
You put a show on
if you're an independent, you don't own
the show.
Like Carsey-Werner. Tom Werner who owns
um
the Boston Red Sox and I think he still
owns Liverpool and he owns some foreign
thing.
You so you put the 70 show on or the
Cosby show on or Roseanne or
you do 150 episodes. You sell it to a
station group for
$5 million an episode.
150. You can do the math.
>> That I can. And then you do a second
window into cable and then a third
window happened
when Netflix came around. You'll see it.
>> you do that multiple after they've run
its course. You The second window is
syndication. The third window is
syndication. The fourth window. Now it's
really just
what we just did for The Office and you
can do for The Simpsons and you can do
for Family Guy and Curb and Seinfeld.
You're doing not they're paying a lot of
money. You're doing it at for The
Office, you're doing it at Comcast for
that's the window. It's $500 million for
the for the new window.
It's a very good deal.
But then I think about four years ago
three years ago
the Writers Guild
took away our packages. But it used to
be you had all these independents
supplying all the content. Now it's the
majors supplying the majors.
And so it's a lot different. And I I do
think
that has not been beneficial. I do think
what's going to happen now though
AI is definitely going to reduce costs.
So
I had a client who's a writer director.
I'm not going to say who.
He's got to do an outline for a project.
He gave
I think Grok or Perplexity or incredible
prompt
based on a piece of IP.
The outline for the project.
>> Pretty close. No, no. Now remember AI as
as people say is the greatest average,
which it is.
>> Yeah.
He said it was unbelievable. Now he's
going to have to do work on it and do
it. But that would have taken months.
Months.
>> Yeah. Is your take on AI that it
basically supercharges the very best
people disproportionately?
>> Yes.
Yeah.
>> my house, right?
Um
I'm not in other businesses, but I mean
my son works at Apple. I mean, I think
programmers are feeling that, you know.
I think they're feeling that in probably
finance and When you saw Sora too, what
did you think? Oh, I wanted to sue them.
You know, cuz he stole a bunch of stuff.
You know, he put the UFC up there. They
put the WWE. They put bull riding and
really bad stuff. You know, what it's
going to do whether it be Sora, Grok,
Perplexity, all the it's just going to
make production
costs, filming
DPs
costume design. I mean, it's just and
then and then you're going to be able to
either bring Bette Davis back Mhm. or
Elizabeth Taylor. It's going to happen.
Yeah. And so you're [clears throat]
going to see
in a good way
like in the music business you can do an
album in your bed. Yeah.
I think the same thing's true
>> movie business.
>> in the movie business. I don't know
where it's going. It's but it it it's
it's going to be cheaper and there's
going to be a lot of it. And I think
you're going to not it's not going to be
the walls around creating content for
the first time because of the cost
because it used to cost 100 Yeah, it's
no longer going to be that. And so
that's going to come down.
>> In a world where the marginal cost of
content creation is like getting close
to zero. Where does the value occur? If
we have four bit great bidders and maybe
with six Wi-Fi maybe everybody with so
with their social platforms is a
distributor, right? Through social.
Let's just say we're right.
The marginal cost becomes zero.
And you are Dwayne Johnson.
And you have I don't know how many
people he has on social. But it's a lot.
Hundreds.
Or Kim Kardashian or you name it. Mark
You name the person.
Are you not a distributor? A
distributor.
>> Yeah.
You know, those are the questions that
are going to arise pretty soon.
I say to people in my William Morris,
for the first time taste matters. Mhm. A
lot.
>> Say a little bit more about that. I
don't know about you, but I get called
all the time. Oh, this is a great
script. Shut the [__] up. Knowing what
is good and what is commercial and what
sells. No, I'm not always right, you
know. I'm probably batting 300. I'm in
the Hall of Fame, right? So 60% of the
time I'm I'm screwed. But people with
taste that know this business that know
kind of what an audience a mass audience
likes is hard.
And so if you have taste and you're
seeing a lot of programming, you can say
there's talent there.
That actually has value. So you put it
on your Dwayne Johnson. Let's just take
it out to its Let's just say my my
conclusion's right.
>> Yeah.
And you take it out to its farthest
limit where
Dwayne Johnson has a development team
and they're looking for stuff and
they're picking it and they're putting
it on their service, right? For Dwayne
and Dwayne's paying that person. I don't
know if they're paying them a million
dollars or
$10,000 cuz the thing costs nothing.
There's a value proposition there. And
you getting a sponsor? You getting a
subs? I don't know.
That's hap that that in some capacity
that's going to happen. Brands are going
to be really important. Old IP's going
to be really important.
Um
I think the value of uh
of
sports is going to be even more
valuable. What about the content side of
this? What what content side? The use of
>> IP by
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, that's going to
be huge business. I I do believe it's
David Ellison's bet.
Right? That there's going to be more
need for content than there's ever been.
And there's going to be more
consumption. I agree with that.
And it's going to be cheaper.
>> What about the use of content by labs
where maybe they shouldn't have used it
to train models for example?
>> Oh, yeah, they should all [snorts] get
sued.
You think that'll work? How do you think
that'll play out? Well, we we we sent
the bad letter to Sam.
Like stop using the UFC and the WWE and
so they're going to have to pay.
>> Yeah. I think unless
the Supreme Court says something. I
mean, I I don't know how you don't pay
for
when Larry David creates Curb and
Seinfeld
and you're taking it to train your model
and you're going to make a lot of zeros.
You don't think Larry David deserves to
get paid?
I think that's crazy. Let's talk about
IRL stuff in this context. Obviously,
you've created a portfolio of some of
the marquee live events and I know you
believe very deeply in this. Is there a
way to think about this almost like the
anti-AI bet or the AI-proof bet? AI is
going to be big.
>> [laughter]
>> Which I think is a proper conclusion.
>> Lots of R. Yeah. There's a really lot of
smart people spending a lot of money at
it and they're smarter than me. Okay.
Netherlands just said 4-day work weeks.
Drive times now are 11:00 to 4:00
across America. Hotel bookings Thursdays
way up.
And there's a lot of more data points to
this. So, the weekend starts Thursday
now. And we're, you know, 2025.
Maybe 2027, they start Wednesday.
So, we're social animals. You're coming
to a UFC fight. You're a social guy.
What are you going to do? You're going
to watch a lot of content. David
Ellison's conclusion. You're going to
watch a lot of content.
Right? There's going to be more content
than ever cost zero.
On his service, on four big services.
You're going to be watching you're going
to be going to concerts, going to stand
up, going to live events, sports or my
live events that I I've just bought.
And so, the value of that is just
cuz if there's only there's only so
much.
And yeah, people are creating new ones,
but you know, so that's
my whole bet. Simple. I don't know how
to write an algorithm for AI. I don't
know how to build a data center. I'm not
in the chip business.
I I just know how to
create really great live events,
monetize them, have a great user
experience.
And it's the opposite because data
centers data centers aren't the opposite
bet. Live is the opposite bet.
>> What makes a great live event? What are
the ingredients? Well, you have there
has to be a specific audience. So, in
art, there's a very specific audience,
right? There's a there's a culture
around art.
It's global. There's really good
conversation about it. Cars, antique
cars is another one of my businesses.
Very specific.
>> Very specific. Sports, UFC, bull riding,
WWE.
Very specific, right? Taste, food
festivals.
So, I'm in the areas that I know there's
great cultural stickiness. Affinity.
It's global.
So, one of the things that we know, why
did we do Freeze? It was only in two
places. It was in UK and New York.
We knew there were art festivals all the
place run poorly.
We knew we could take it globally.
We could spread the
the sponsorship. We could determine
that city needs them and they would pay
us for to bring events. So, we get site
fees. Right? So, hey, bring Freeze,
great brand, knows how to do this
properly. Well, you know, the food
around it, all the thing, you know,
lectures, etc.
We're going to pay you to be come here
for 10 years to put on the event.
We we just closed that deal in Abu
Dhabi. And so, when you start doing
those things properly,
in our Madrid Open,
which is our tennis tournament.
It's one of the nine major nine 1000s.
We're going to build another stadium to
build another food festival.
We're going to do concerts after the
tennis tournament. We just know how to
How to do it. How to do it. And so, when
we look at these things, we look at them
in a way that
what are they missing? Because we're
we're one of the only companies on a
global basis that do live events.
Sometimes you have companies that do
great live events, but they're they're
local. They're they're guys that are in
Arizona. They're guys that are in just
the UK. When they come into our
organization, we're in 32 company. We
know, oh, you know something, there's an
affinity here.
>> You said two other things, monetization
and user experience. I'm going to save
monetization cuz I have a specific
question about it. Um what what is great
user experience?
>> So, when they go around, there's food,
there's lectures, there's surrounding
events that make the event itself and
inside the event really special. Um and
it's a great way
I can't express enough
the need for people to get community.
Cuz we're all sitting Yeah, staring.
>> staring, you know. I remember one of the
things that made me think about this
also about why live events are so
important in sports were so important.
Tiger talked about it at one point. I
saw a documentary, I think it was on
like when he first won, people were
clapping.
Second time, uh-uh. Phones were up and
people were screaming.
Right? And that's because that thing you
want to show how great your life is,
right? And that all same things like
detaches you and you want a place where
you can have with other people a great
experience.
>> Yeah. And
that just goes well for music, live
sports, live events.
>> Yeah, and you're selling status to some
degree. Like you're selling the video
they're taking. This is status. Yeah.
Yeah.
Um monetization is the one that
intrigues me the most based on a
conversation you and I have had before,
which is we're still figuring out the
demand curve inside of one of these
events.
>> You know, we bought this company On
Location. You know about that?
>> A little bit, but remind me.
>> So, On Location,
Gerry Cardinale first owned it with the
NFL and they were doing the premium
hospitality
for the Super Bowl. And [clears throat]
we thought, well, that's incredible cuz
people are asking for premiums now and
rich people are asking for more and more
cuz they can get everything, so they
want even specialer.
And that [snorts] there was tiered
market. Not in a bad way, you know, some
people I'm I'm going to pay $100 and
some people are going to pay $300. And
then some people are going to pay
crazy.
So,
in the Super Bowl, go to Tiffany's and
get a blue football and have 10 people
with you and get a lecture from Peyton
Manning and
walk on the field pregame and come out
with the team and be on the stage for
weigh-ins at the UFC and sit at the
table with Dana White and for that I'm
going to pay $50,000 a ticket or I'm
going to pay $300,000 for the Super Bowl
or XYZ for the Olympics. It's crazy.
>> And you still haven't found the
>> Oh, no, no, we're just and we're adding.
So, the Olympics, FIFA,
UFC,
um WWE. In every category, there's
there's premiums.
And people pay
crazy.
>> Crazy. How much of it do you think is
them paying for the video that they get
on that versus the actual experience?
>> think I think it has to be Yeah, pretty
high. But I but I think that's
fantastic. Yeah. Like [snorts]
you worked your ass off. Yeah. You love
this thing.
>> Yeah. Whatever be music, events, sports.
I want a different experience in my
life. Yes, for that, but just life.
>> Yeah.
And I think COVID made that happen, too.
Yeah. And people are doing it. I
Where it ends, I don't know,
but it is a huge premium business. How
far can you push this? Like it feels
like you've you've collected lots of the
marquee assets and things that you love.
Like what's the runway feel like to you
for this
>> one thing that we're doing in the live
events business that I started.
>> This is Freeze and this is Yeah, this is
it's called IMG. This is Freeze,
Barrett-Jackson, our tennis tournaments,
our participatory sports like Escape
from Alcatraz and
Melbourne Marathon and our Taste
Festivals,
uh Winter Wonderland, that business. So,
we bought a ticketing business inside
that.
This thing called um
TodayTix. The ticketing business mainly
that they do
mainly almost all they do is um theater
business. And they've when COVID
happened, they unlike other ticketing
business which had to keep on operating,
they shut the whole thing down and
rewrote the operating system and it's
incredible. We'll create a destination
with an incredible ticketing asset.
Where Where I think it's going is
hopefully, we create a
a a platform that is has events because
we operate events pretty well.
Plus a destination, you white label
ticketing, then we can create a
sponsorship layer,
site fee layer and maybe white label
some stuff and go from there. So,
that's the
that's the dream. That's the way What is
the most surprising thing about the
landscape of sports and live event live
events to you today?
>> you think about sports, so you have
the beast of all beasts, NFL.
NBA, global.
Baseball, hockey, English Premier
League, Spanish League, French. You
know, you just go. They're all owned by
federations and
there's very few independent. Yeah. And
very few people that know how to run
them. When we were buying the UFC, he
was like and we were having this
argument internally.
Egon would say, well, the best
people that can pay the most are the
broadcast Well, they would ruin the
sport. I mean, there's so many things
that happen to run one of these things.
You have to make really hard decisions
and right?
So, there's first of all, so there's a
limited amount that is available to buy.
In the wrong hands, the ones that are
independent, I mean, unless Adam
Silver's there, unless Roger Goodell's
there, those things don't run the way
they're supposed to. I mean, those
things are hard.
And the same [clears throat] thing with
our sport. We're about to start our
boxing business. So, if you approach
boxing, Well, we we're we're we've start
we've announced the boxing league with
Paramount and we do the big kind of like
huge super events. As you approach that
opportunity, talking like tell me the
story of how you built this. Like you're
I know you're really excited about the
boxing stuff.
>> so Don King screws over Ali.
The Ali gets Act gets passed. It um
changes the sport.
Now, first of all,
to create a league
in a combat sport,
the only person that could have ever
done it is Dana White. Ever. He did it
to the UFC.
And the other person that the only
person that could have done it,
and it's it's a
it's sports entertainment, is Vince
McMahon.
Right?
It's incredible. Yeah, those two guys.
So,
we now look at that,
the Ali Act's going to exist. We're
going to put it in Hopefully, we can get
this past
and
add an element to it that we could
create an another opportunity for
fighters. We're going to have, like we
have in the UFC, the best fighters fight
the best fighters.
>> Mhm.
And we think we can create like a UFC,
but with boxing, and Zuffa boxing.
And if we do that,
I think fighters are going to make more
money. Cuz right now, you don't know any
great fighters. It's not like I can
literally name one.
>> name one. We think we can do that, and
then boxers will make more money. It
will be a business for them. And it's a
great sport.
The one I I was more jazzed than ever
about that.
We put a great fight on
at Allegiant Stadium, where the Raiders
play.
Um and Mark Davis was unbelievable, my
partner, you got to know who he is, who
is part of that, was unbelievable
helping us with that.
And when you put a great fight and a
great card on, how many people showed
up? And because it's so ingrained boxing
into our world,
70,000 people. And they did not leave.
It was spectacular. And so, if we do
that now, I think it can be as big or
bigger than the UFC and and the WWE, and
they're big.
And
we're going to do our best to do it,
because I think
the audience wants it, and I think it'd
be great for for fighters. What makes
Dana so incredible as an entrepreneur?
What is his superpower? One, he loves
it.
He he loves it.
>> good place to start.
>> he really does love combat sports.
Two is
he's not scared. When you look at him,
his his his poker play his poker play
I don't know how he does it, cuz if I'm
betting $5, I'm I I can't play poker.
But, you know, he he he makes fun of me
when we do this, right?
>> [laughter]
>> We're celebrating
the deal at Endeavor. He goes, "Fight.
Come to Come to Vegas. We're going out
for dinner. We're celebrating." I'm
like, "Okay.
What does that mean?" "Well,
we're going to go gamble."
What? What? I don't gamble.
>> Yeah.
I said, "Okay."
He goes, "What How much do you want on
your line?"
I go,
"Two grand." I said, yeah, I I think I
said I think I said 25,000.
>> [laughter]
>> And we're in the car, and we're driving.
He goes,
"You're the biggest gambler I know." To
me. I'm like, "No, I'm not." He goes,
"You just bet on me
$4.2 billion,
right?" You know, [laughter] he took a
million dollars. I I think I think he
got me up to like $50,000 on the line.
And I said, "Well, that's not a gamble,
cuz I, you know, I did my version in my
head, my calculation."
So, he is just like a unique individual
that, you know,
he's not partisan.
He's loyal. He has a vision.
He he backs your play. If you back, you
know, he's just that guy, and he's not
afraid to take take on a challenge, and
do the work. I mean, he works
constantly. And so,
in this space,
he just knows the space so well.
And he's relentless. How did you learn
to become not afraid? Well, I mean, when
you're dyslexic, and people are making
fun of you, and Just power through.
Yeah, you know, you can't be
embarrassed.
Like there's nothing more embarrassing
when you're
>> [snorts]
>> 13 years old,
and you're in Like a remedial class or
something.
>> Well, it wasn't remedial. It was I I It
doesn't matter. You can't Yeah. And
you're in school, and
you know you're not stupid, and you
know,
I was in special ed.
Well, there can't be more embarrassing
than that. Like, so anything now, I'm
not
I don't give a [__] Like, you can't
embarrass me.
So, and it was actually that simple.
When you're in special ed, and you're 15
years old, and you're in high school,
and your two brothers are some of the
smartest kids from that high school,
and you have to walk home,
and you
you're really good at math,
you just can't read just because of how
your brain's wired, and
and they put you in special ed, you're
like, "What the fuck?"
So, what was the first experience though
of like clicking out of that to the
opposite of like, "Oh, [__] I'm
actually really I could be really good
at something."
>> Well, you know, yeah, I I I don't know
what it was. I was like,
my my three boys were dyslexic,
cuz it does get passed on. My father was
dyslexic.
And when my boys were dyslexic, I I put
them into this class, this this school
in the summer called Lindamood-Bell.
Kind of like a They run a marathon on
their brains to to teach their
their left back lobe how to read. It's 4
hours a day, relentless.
>> [clears throat]
>> My mom did that to me.
She There was no Lindamood-Bell back
then, you know.
>> [laughter]
>> People call, you know,
tiger moms. I don't know what you call a
Jewish tiger mom, but it's it's brutal,
all right? I don't care what anybody
else is saying.
You're going to college, cuz I wasn't
going to go to college. You're reading.
You're getting good grades.
Tiger mom at a degree of 10.
And then, what was the first like early
20s, like post-college like big hit of
success?
>> I knew Here's what I knew. I I can't I
screwed around in Europe for a year. I
came back to New York.
And a friend of mine at the time was
this guy by the name of um Michael
Mendelson.
And he was working for this company. And
now, I used to when I was, cuz I was
hyperactive, too. I used to wake up at
5:00 in the morning, just watch TV, and
I watch I used to watch the Crusher and
the Bruiser and and the regional
wrestling, and
TV shows, and ne- never knew how it was
made, but watched everything. I said,
"What are you doing?"
And he said to me, "Oh, I'm working at
William Morris."
Now, how the [__] am I supposed to know
what William Morris is? I'm from
Chicago. My father's a doctor. He's an
immigrant. Like, William Morris, what
what the [__] is William Morris?
So, he tells me.
And for whatever reason,
bang, the light went on. And I didn't
have a job. I didn't know what I was
going to go to business school, back to
Northwestern, and go to some on night
school business school, or and I was
going to work at the Merc, cuz I used to
do summer jobs at the Merc in the pits,
you know,
220, 220. I used to do all that, right?
I thought [clears throat] I was going to
do that. I was good at math, and
and for whatever reason, the minute he
told me that, I said, "That's it. That's
a gig for me."
Got it Got a job working for this guy by
the name of Robbie Lance.
I was working for Bob Duva,
who who um
who went to work for Robbie Lance.
And it just started. I
I helped with the Tennessee Williams
Lillian Hellman
um and Dashiell Hammett estates,
kind of making rights deals for them,
and organizing them properly.
He was, I think at the time,
86. And he turns to me, and I was doing
a really good job.
And he says, "I'm not promoting anybody.
You should You can make a lot You should
go out to LA, and you can make a lot of
money."
And he set up two interviews for me.
One at CAA, and one at this company
called Leading Artists.
And um
got the job at in the mail room at CAA
making 15 cents a mile.
What did you learn in the mail room?
That I hated it. I learned how to
actually drive around LA. And I learned,
you know, the hierarchy of the business,
business affairs people, studio heads,
where star At the time, where movie
stars played.
That whole
You felt you were in the mix.
>> Yeah. The movie business, how important
it was, but the television made business
made a lot of money. And I realized I
could never be in the movie business.
Why?
>> Cuz you would do You would have to do
coverage while you're in the mail room.
I'm dyslexic.
Movie script, 130 pages, 120 pages. TV
script, 30 pages.
>> [laughter]
>> I'm not spending all weekend on a movie.
I'm going to do Now, that little thing,
cuz the money was in television.
That little change, two doors. Yeah.
>> Bang. And then, when we started
Endeavor,
with George Gilder's book, and I'm
reading it in Life After Television, I'm
like, "There's going to be a lot more
distribution.
There's only so much
content creators at the time. Content
was going to change and expand, but
there's limited
just
supply and demand.
Prices are going up for
creators.
And television, where you could make and
when I was at I went on Bill Haber's
desk, the head of television at the
time.
It was Mike Ovitz Ron Meyer Bill Haber.
The huge money huge money was coming in
cuz of television. Not that the movie
business wasn't, because you had the DVD
dividends at the time, and gross
participation, and everything else. But,
you had a hit television show, like Alf,
I remember sitting at the desk listening
to all the calls,
and there was a fight between
Mike Ovitz and Bernie Brillstein on Alf,
and who what they were paying out.
That thing paid out a fortune. And then,
it paid out syndication one, syndication
two, you know, and all the different And
I was like,
"That baby's for me."
>> What was the key to being an exceptional
agent, or is the key to being an
exceptional
>> Being relentless.
When you're trying to get somebody
staffed, and you
One of the greatest things Robbie Lance
ever taught me,
"You know why people call me back?"
Robbie used to say in his in a Austrian
accent.
"Cuz I represent Miloš Forman, who did
Amadeus, and
I represent Peter Shaffer. I represent
Al Pacino.
They'll call you back."
So, having a great client
meant
you had access.
And so
you had to have taste.
And you had to get great clients. And
once you did that and and and and they
can continue to grow,
you became more and more powerful.
And so that's what I did.
>> How did you get your first great client?
Who was it? I'm at CAA and I go to this
company Intertalent.
And Mark Rosen
I'm not sure if it was my first client
or might have been my second client. Cuz
Greg Daniels who created The Office and
King of the Hill
>> [clears throat]
>> and Parks and Rec. I He might have been
my first client, but but Amy Lippman who
created Party of Five also might have
been I I'm I'm not I'm too old.
>> [laughter]
>> Um
but yeah, they had created a show. I
thought the shows were great.
Took over those clients.
They led to other clients.
And then back then there was no YouTube.
There was no Instagram. There was none
of that. There was no No, people weren't
creating that way.
The great shows were Saturday Night Live
to The Simpsons. This whole Harvard
Lampoon group.
That was kind of like
and all those [clears throat]
a lot of them, not all.
SNL guys, the writers, cuz I was in the
writer business.
Came from the Lampoon.
Harvard.
Go to Harvard.
>> So, signed a bunch of people off of
that, put them on SNL. SNL they went to
The Simpsons or
they had the pedigree and then you moved
them around. I have like a bizarrely
specific question. I've been on the
receiving end of like what it's like to
communicate with you and your team. It's
unlike anything that I've experienced in
terms of the speed and like like the
minute you
>> The velocity of it.
>> Yeah, the velocity like you get engaged
and then it's just like
>> You feel like you got plugged into the
Matrix or something.
What What is that? What's the origin of
that?
>> I have no idea.
>> Can you describe how it works?
>> I use
the phone. I use it as a weapon.
>> [laughter]
>> And I have two people working for me.
And I do do now a lot of stuff on AI.
>> Yeah.
With regard to
conference calls and follow-up and
but my system What is your system? I
want to know what the system is.
>> have no idea. I just I
I've I've grown it over years that it's
kind of like it's it's own animal.
What's the principle behind it?
Follow-up? Relentless follow-up?
>> relentless follow-up and communication.
Yeah. Yeah, over communication.
>> Like my brother Zeke is horrible at it.
He's my oldest brother.
I say to him, "I just sent you this
to call this person cuz you asked me and
I've connected you.
And the next call is not that person.
What are you doing?"
>> [laughter]
>> Like I don't understand. It drives me
crazy with my kids, too. Like my my
my middle kid is very good at it, who's
in the business, who's in the
entertainment, because he's seen me do
it.
But one is you got to communicate, you
got to over-communicate. If they're not
getting back to you, got to keep on
calling them. Like, "What are you
doing?" Like, that's the job. How do you
make people love you for it versus be
annoyed by it?
>> I don't know if people love me for it,
but I I try and make it like I know
>> They they respect it. I know you want to
kill me. You know, you have to Yeah,
yeah. bring levity to it. So, but it is
it is a It works.
>> It's a force. I understand that.
>> Yeah. How many calls do you think you
do?
>> A lot.
>> [laughter]
>> A lot. My friend Pete Berg was in the
car with me once and he said, "We were
coming back." I don't remember. We're
coming back from a golf match.
And he's [snorts] sitting in the car
and the system starts. Mhm. The phone
calls and and the phone calls can be
from presidents of the United States to
a young actor, a writer, an idea I want.
And he turns to me in the middle of it
and he goes,
"I I'm too anxious right now. I can't
breathe." [laughter]
And I'm like, "What's the problem?" He
goes, "Do you realize what's going on on
that thing?" And you know, "Yeah, I
know. I I don't I I I I I'm sorry about
it."
>> It just works. I'm sorry if it like
>> No, I love it. I think it's fantastic.
>> Did I come at you pre or my system? No,
it just it just you feel
it just feels different. It feels like
the thing matters.
Yeah. That's nice.
Yeah.
Too few things feel like they matter.
Yeah. And so I think you're good at it.
>> Well, I mean, if I'm going to be
involved in something, Yeah. it matters
to me. So, therefore I'm going to take
it to the point where I can get it done.
>> What have you learned from Egon? You
know, the great thing about him is he
continues to want to learn. I mean, he's
a guy that's made a lot of money. He
takes a lot of big risks. I mean,
but he's smart about them. Eminem used
writes all the time, songs. He writes
writes writes writes writes beforehand
and then when he gets in there, he calls
his riff. Jay-Z
This is what Rick Rubin told me.
He doesn't write any of his lyrics.
They're about to start. He comes back
in.
Tune hits. He does the rap.
He's instinctual, but incredible.
Egon does unbelievable analysis.
And I saw it in our tech private.
I see it when he goes after a company.
He's He's relentless.
When he wants something.
He takes criticism.
For a a guy at his level, big guy, as
good as he is, taking criticism and
listening to it and absorbing it and
then adapting with it, incredible. That
That is
I've never seen that.
Most of these guys, they're alone. Go
[__] yourself.
>> [laughter]
>> But he does all those.
It's really incredible.
And then
he learns from it, adapts. I don't know
of anybody who's a There's probably
people as on par with him.
I haven't I don't know a lot of them.
I don't think there's any better.
He's a He He has a point of view on on
industries. Like he came after me. He
was tech guy. Here's where I think the
business is going, which matched up with
mine.
Content, etc.
>> [clears throat]
>> So, he has visions in there.
But then the the superpower,
probably one of the best financial
engineers I've ever seen.
Of all these guys. Like it's not even
close.
Defined as knowing what he wants and
being able to execute on that vision.
>> at a balance sheet, he sees a different
language
than most dudes.
Like and sees the value proposition.
And has been
like not 30% right. Like 70% right.
That's [__] rare. How do you think
about your own investing that's not one
of these massive major platforms? It's
just like a normal investment. How do
How do you do that in your life?
>> You know, I don't know.
>> Listen, I got I got some big investments
called TKO.
And I'll bet on myself and and um
and uh Mari.
I I'm betting on myself. Yeah. I'm not
smart enough now I bonds. I'm not smart
enough to to know. I believe in Elon
Musk.
Talk about him a little bit. I know you
recently saw some of the robotic stuff.
You're talking about that. Tell tell me
where your impression was. Well, I saw
the three or four generations of the
hand.
You know, I came up to him and said I
wanted to UFC fights with the robots.
That's one of the things we started
talking about.
And I sent Dana the when we were in We
just had a fight in China. I sent him to
see some of the robots there to see if
we could then do a fight. Chinese versus
American.
>> Yeah, yeah, it was really great.
>> Wow, everyone in the world would watch
that. All right.
>> [clears throat]
>> So, I went up to see him.
The three or four iterations of
the hand. The Optimus hand.
What did you see? I mean,
just the how much technology was
from
one to four or one to three, I don't
remember, was unbelievable. And what the
hand could do
beyond I mean, it's it's
it does what you and I do.
And then
he showed me a couple of them that could
fight and throw punches and kicks and
the balance and the pushing,
unbelievable.
If I'm a betting man, first of all, if
I'm a betting man, I'm betting on that
dude. I bet a lot of them on SpaceX.
X XAI Twitter. I almost hesitate to ask
cuz it's everyone knows Elon's awesome
and or has been awesome and is great at
what he does. But what How would you
describe his greatness? Like what what's
your interpretation of it? I'm having
Thanksgiving at my house with my brother
Rom who's in the Obama administration.
He was chief of staff. Elon's a friend.
And we was falling off a cliff.
>> Mhm.
So, we're in California. I said, "Hey,
can we come down to see SpaceX and
Tesla?"
Yeah.
>> [snorts]
>> Now, the president's bailing out car
companies.
Elon, cuz I know it,
Tesla's in trouble. He's sleeping
cuz there's cars backed up that have to
be fixed. He's I mean, starting a new
car company. He's sleeping there.
Like he did at Twitter,
SpaceX.
And he's just he just will not stop.
Just will not stop until it's
fixed.
And [snorts] so, you know, we get in
there.
He walks with my brother, shows him
SpaceX. This is at the beginning, '08.
>> Yeah, nothing yet.
>> Nothing SpaceX, right? He's building it.
And he's got these two things.
My brother gave him got the president to
give him like But he was sleeping
there on 2-hour sleep. And I think he
he needs that in his life
to
even though he hates it at times, cuz I
remember him calling me and he hated He
was so upset with Tesla and
and what should he do with it and we we
would have conversations.
But he wills things with sheer brains
and power and guts and endurance to make
them.
Right?
And that's his superpower. Cuz it it
gives in a weird way, even though it's I
think emotionally brutal on him,
take in taking all the punches and and
feeling that,
It also does give him in a huge amount
of energy and and emotional
satisfaction. You've got the show called
Rushmore, which is about greatness. What
is it about greatness that so drives
your I I don't believe in legacy.
You know, I don't believe that business
people have legacies. I think Elon will
have a legacy. I think Jeff Bezos will
have a legacy. I think
I think Steve Jobs has a legacy.
Probably mostly it's That's about it.
You know, presidents.
>> Yeah.
Leaders.
Maybe some actors.
>> [snorts]
>> But, you know,
but I do think there's characteristics
of those four people
that are important to know about. Like,
how did they get there? And is it are
there patterns?
Um and uh as we just said,
we just did a Rushmore on the '90s of
music with Jimmy Iovine and Rick Rubin.
>> How fun.
>> Who are two guys that should be as
producers on Rushmore, in my opinion.
You know, but we as humans can at least
see greatness and how they do it and
then adapt it or learn something there
and take that learning
and and keep on evolving. But, I think
it's always important to kind of learn
from history. You as if rhymes and then
take things and use them in your own
life and that's why I'm doing it. What
have you learned about with a with a
life like the one you've led? Yeah. It's
not lacking adventure.
How to talk to your kids about it and
and not create a circumstance where
there's a
expectation
>> Well, you know, I got a I got a daughter
that works at the WWE. I got a son
that's working for Rick Caruso.
Hopefully, knock wood, he runs for
governor. Governor. And then my son is
in the business. He's a producer.
And the other one works at Apple.
I have
and they have had unbelievable luxury.
I think if you ask people, I hope if you
ask people,
they're pretty normal kids.
Cuz one, they weren't over programmed.
I wasn't a helicopter father.
Their mother wasn't a helicopter mother.
The summers
they ran around in Rhode Island and
played golf and played tennis. There
wasn't like
>> [snorts]
>> and if they did stupid [__] They heard
about it.
>> they they got punished. [laughter]
And they didn't run our lives.
So, they're pretty normal kids and I'm
not sitting there
trying to always help them. I I make an
introduction
and then
Their job. It's their job.
Even though they hate they would tell
you, Yeah.
>> [snorts]
>> Like, eldest son, no, it's one of my
favorite moments. We were in We're
flying somewhere and he goes, "I just
want to be normal." I said, "Who the
[__] wants to be normal? Like,
[laughter] normal sucks,
right? Like right?
What the [__] is normal? Like,
normal, what is that? I don't even know
what that is. So,
When you ask around, everyone says if it
People say a lot of things, mostly
amazing about you. One is that everyone
says is that you're one of the
consummate deal makers.
What is a great deal? Like, what in your
mind Some of you agree that you've made
a lot of great deals. Like, what is a
great deal? What is a great process of
deal making? You know, when you're
making a deal and they're all different,
both sides have to feel good. Mhm. Your
job is to make sure the other side,
whether it's true or not, feels good.
Mhm.
Simple. That's not easy. How do you do
that? What's the art of that? You know,
there's there's so much there's so much
there's
>> [laughter]
>> there's there's there's so much nuance
to that. Sometimes, it's just a fight.
You're just aggressive. Like, okay,
we're in a battle. Certain people and
certain negotiations and everybody feels
this, you know, you're in a dance,
right? And you're kind of like
trying to get them and you know, you're
just you just have to hang in there and
and and do the dance till we get to the
end of the song.
And it's not
a battle.
I mean, I've been in screaming matches.
Like like, okay, [__] you. We're going
to I'm you know, I know you need it. I
you know I need it. We're just
What's yelling and talking about?
>> we're we're firing guns. Like, it's
We're shooting.
I like the second one better.
And that's just about charm and that's
just about kind of
knowing all kind of how how you have to
play. Sometimes, you got to get mad and
you know,
and it it takes time. Although, I mean,
it's it's it's Somebody was asking me,
"What what's the art?"
>> Yeah. It is so complicated. Like,
>> can't be reduced. Yeah, I don't know if
it can be reduced. That's when I was
constantly on the field. I was always
the first one.
I was always shooting. I was always in a
fight,
>> [laughter]
>> Right.
as I've gotten You're dancing more.
>> as I've gotten Bigger.
There's a lot more dancing. More
dancing. Yeah. I was a pretty ugly
fighter, though.
>> Let's say more about Constantly angry,
pissed off. And you're standing in the
way of where cuz I've already played the
chess match out. If I get this this this
done, here's what happens. Like, you're
standing in the way of my chess match.
Like, that's why I'd be pissed.
>> [laughter]
>> Seemed to work, though.
>> Yeah, it worked. Yeah.
I like the extremes. What's the fastest
money you've ever made and what's the
longest game you've ever had to play?
My greatest negotiation. Can I do it
that way?
>> Yeah, of course. The greatest deal I
ever made
was quote unquote merging with William
Morris, $44 million.
Paid out the CFO
and Jim Wiatt. They never thought we
were going to write a check for $20
million
and have the votes to fire them. Patrick
Whitesell and I did that in
got the deal done in
the merger done, I think, in a year.
And and they they they had a horrible
culture, so everybody hated each other
and we just played the chess match on
their side and
and then took over the company and
brought in Silver Lake and
Rest is history.
>> Yeah. And that then
led to everything. Just to zoom in on
that negotiation a little bit. They were
in trouble. Financially? They just were
losing clients and financially in
trouble and they all hated each other
and they knew they didn't have good
leadership and
and we could just
keep on putting out bad press on them
and taking agents and taking clients
over the Yeah, we took It took seven
years to to do that and then once we
were in the room to you know,
and then
we just
pitted
board members against them
and brought them on our side cuz we
actually treated them well. We actually
did.
>> [snorts]
>> And then when the vote came, before the
merger, like you guys now have to get
rid of Jim Wiatt cuz he's a disaster
and the CFO, all their hands went up
because they realized, "Wait a second,
these guys are good guys." And we were.
And so, we just
even before the merger closed, they got
rid of them and then the whole and then
it just all happened. And and then that
led to
Egon coming into my life.
Teddy had gotten sick and and passed
away, Teddy Forstmann.
Going after IMG and it was the best deal
I've ever made.
What was that flip like from agent to
owner? This is where Egon was a great
teacher, you know. He helped us think
through
cuz we knew we were going after IMG.
And then once we had IMG, I knew I you
know, just I don't I don't I knew
instinctually Patrick took over the
college football business that they had
and I moved to the UK.
And I took over IMG.
And that's how we split [snorts] the
baby.
And
nobody was telling me I had to move to
the UK. I just realized, "Wait a second,
I just spent $2.4 billion.
You better [__] get your ass to the
UK and understand that business, right?"
And none of those people wanted to stay
cuz they didn't want us to win.
IMG didn't want us to win.
They wanted somebody else to win. They
wanted Chernin Group to win.
And this is where I I learned a lot from
Egon in this negotiation. He says,
I think the the Chernin
They were going to pay
I think it was 1.9 billion and he said,
"We're paying 2.4." I said, "2.4?"
Why don't we pay 2.1? He goes, "We're
going to make it so they can't Can't say
no. Can't say no and they can't go back.
Cuz they don't want us."
And he was 100% right. Paid 2.4, we get
it. And then I realized,
this is my money. Like,
time to move. Family stayed in Rhode
Island and LA.
I moved for
I think it was four or five months. To
the UK.
And all over Europe. I went
to Spain for tennis business. All I
mean, all over. Learned all the players.
>> [snorts]
>> Uh that's another place where I I kind
of when I got done, I was I was
physically Fried.
>> fried. Yeah. Cuz I was then flying back
on weekends and flying I mean, it was
crazy. And then
I represent writers, directors, actors.
Plus, I had to do that. So, that was
kind of like when it all happened. Do
you care about money anymore? Like, are
you motivated by money? I didn't really
care about money since my first show
went into syndication.
When King of the Hill went into
syndication,
What what happened then? You just made
enough that it just I mean, I was making
15 cents a mile,
right? Yeah. When you're making 15 cents
a mile and
and then all of a sudden,
I mean, you can go look at the math. It
was it was $6 million an episode. Yeah.
And they did 14 seasons.
It's you know, you're okay. So then,
what what if money sunsetted, what
became the thing? I want to be right.
My ideas, I want to make sure that
they're right.
Because that feels good. [clears throat]
>> Yeah. And you are. Yeah. Simple as that.
>> Yeah. You know, I'm not I'm not I'm not
the stupidest, Emmanuel.
>> [laughter]
>> You know, I still have competition with
those two.
Emotionally.
>> What have you learned from Rahm?
Talk to my brother Rahm about politics.
And you can talk to him about a lot of
other things, but when it comes to
his métier. And we're not talking about
just domestic politics. We're talking
about global politics. Like,
how to handle
allies
in Asia
to combat China
or what to do on Israel or any subtext.
There's nobody more thought I mean,
I'm not going to
I'm going to boast It's my brother Rahm.
When you look at the potential field
of potential candidates for president
and there's some I mean
Gretchen Whitmer I know
I know Josh. I know a lot of these guys
and they're all very qualified.
>> [snorts]
>> Um
on a global basis.
And he is as relentless and as driven as
I am and what I do. Was in two White
Houses.
Was the whipping Congress.
Was a mayor of a big city.
And understands everything going on in
one of the biggest most important areas
in the world for us Asia.
And had galvanized and his
responsibility as as ambassador
galvanized that region
to combat China.
There's nobody more qualified. Whether
that makes him the president you know
the future candidate I have no idea.
But my brother understands you know we
were talking about
it used to be when you were CEO it was
bilateral. It's just bilateral. Now it's
multilateral, right?
I don't think anybody looks at that
board better than him in politics and in
global issues.
Um and that's a rare and he learned from
incredible people.
Bill Clinton was incredible. Obama was
incredible.
Worked out their agenda.
He is
and and at at details like you can ask
him about the Supreme Court in
Pennsylvania issues and how they handle
that. I mean he's down he he's he's at
an inch. I'm at an inch in my business.
He's at an inch.
And he
understand then what that means for the
congressional races is what that means
for the Senate. The messaging that you
have to do to kind of like and how to
stay on message. I mean he's and Zeke
he is just hysterical. I mean you know I
mean I love him.
He's he's a bioethicist. He's he's I
think he's incredible thinking about
medicine. Why why why he does what he
does I have no idea and he loves it. And
so I just love him. What happens when
you're no longer at the one-inch level?
When you are no longer in deep in the
flow? Well I'm not I'm not now at
William Morris.
And so has it been easy? Yeah. I just
said this to
one of the companies that I run Craig
Bear Jackson and Craig Jackson wants to
step back. And I said to him you know
you're never stepping back.
He was what he's talking about. I said
well here's what I did. Let's go
private. Richard Weitz and Christian
Muir are going to take over the
business. And they're they're going to
do some really great things and they're
going to [__] [__] up.
And you know the only way they're going
to learn?
By doing those two things.
By [__] [__] up.
You don't really learn that much for
doing good things.
And I said and you've got to permit the
fuck-ups. And the problem is
I said I started my business 31 years
ago. I it's my it's my name. Your father
started your business and now it's your
name. You just won't let anybody [__]
up. What's the worst thing that could
happen if it [__] up? Is the business
going away? No. So let them [__] up.
That thought process
not a lot of people have that run
companies. What was your most formative
fuck-up? The thing you [__] up that
taught you the most?
Well I I [__] up all the I mean thank
god Mark Shapiro's in my life and he's
in my life. I I think the biggest
fuck-up truly cuz we're we're building
the business and you know you pick bad
people and you
>> [clears throat]
>> but we had a bad meeting
Patrick and I White Hall
with um
Irv Wyne Trobe, Jim Wyatt and Dave
Wershafter.
And I went nuts cuz they said cuz I said
cuz they weren't
they I was playing the chess match out
and they didn't let me get to the end
and I and I actually went talking about
the negotiation I screamed at them.
We're sitting at a table like this at
the Bel Air or no the Beverly Hills
Hotel.
I mean I went nuts.
I I said I said you don't know what the
[__] you're talking about. We could buy
you. You know we're like two inches big
and it's William Morris.
And because we were more profitable.
And Irv Wyne Trobe said I said you you
know nothing about business and I go
[__]
talking about it I go [__] nuts and I
go to
and Patrick to his credit
you know he knows when I hit the Defcon
four or five he just get the [__] out of
the way.
Meeting ends. It's over. Yeah. What I
talked about this was when I was
>> [clears throat]
>> and we're walking down Wilshire and he
goes well that's over. I said no that's
not over.
This is happening.
>> [laughter]
>> And so you know
a year and a half later two years later
it was back on the table but that was a
fuck-up cuz it it just pushed us pushed
us way way back but I just I I I thought
Defcon I was so pissed. What do you
think the future of TV and movies are?
There's going to be a lot more of them.
And I I actually think what I said to
you
I think that you're going to have you're
seeing it now. Marketing companies are
going to podcasters and streamers and
marketing with them or giving them
brands and giving them ownership to to
sponsor them and market them.
And sometimes they sponsor them and
sometimes they ask them to take equity
and
same thing's going to happen with
content. We talked about this. I think
the cost is going to go down to zero or
very close.
And Dwayne Johnson, Mark Wahlberg, Dana
White
Pat McAfee they're all going to become
their own channels.
I do believe actually I don't know if
that's in two years
or in seven years.
And so then representation
has to change
its in in infrastructure.
Like we changed when we took over sports
to be able to handle that conversation.
With regard to licensing, marketing, all
that stuff.
>> So so like give me advice like I have a
channel. I think the podcasting business
is going to become like the cable
business. It's going to become like
Oprah. What does that mean? You know
Oprah had Dr. Phil and
Oh I see. She sponsored people and then
she took them out in syndication on the
station groups. You're going to find a
young you.
And maybe it's in medicine.
Or maybe it's in
something that interests you.
And you're going to bring them into the
fold with your sponsors, your your
distribution and everything. You're
going to take a piece of it.
And
maybe there's a product that comes off
of it and
you're going to own a piece and he's
going to own a piece and
and then you're going to figure out
maybe I need my own
um sponsorship marketing team internally
and
so you're going to become
you I you know somebody needs to
you're Oprah. Yeah. You become Oprah.
>> [laughter]
>> And so that's what that's what great
right?
>> Sounds good to me. And so
that will be the first iteration of
this.
You never know you might find a movie
that you like or a documentary you like
and you send it out to your subs.
And then
I I there's multiple ways you can
monetize that. Maybe you turn that into
a book.
That's going to be the business. Yeah.
What's your craziest view on the future
of sports? Like you we'll start finish
where we started.
>> Prices are going way up. Prices for
everything? Prices for teams.
Okay talk about that cuz like in the NFL
everyone's like there's no more rich
guys to buy the teams. Well they'll just
change they'll go from PE firms owning
10%. Don't make 50 year. Yeah 35 you
know and they'll instead of they can
only take a billion dollars of debt out
they'll take they can take two billion
dollars. I mean Yeah. It'll just go up.
>> That [__] will change. But the price of
sports
for the end user
is going to be more. Therefore then the
price of there's going to be tiers at
Netflix you know with the sports with
the sports tier you pay $15.
Yeah.
They're going to have to make a decision
when do they go direct?
>> It depends when
>> Yeah. Yeah. Depends on when this thing
caps out.
>> Mhm. We just saw a big input of money
which is
betting that will increase.
That that
>> The market. That market will increase
and the amount of money they pay will
increase. Premium ticket will go up and
ticketing will go up and Prices are
going up. Prices going up. What do you
think of gambling? What do you think of
betting? Well I think it's good actually
in the following way. For us I'm just
talking about our businesses.
The more data the more
you can't cheat.
And I think what's going to happen
you'll have AI companies come in and
look at all the data and you won't be
able there
nobody's going to you're going to
understand you're going to triangulate
and understand
there's something happening over here
with this picture and and you're going
to look at video and and it's going to
be like boom.
So
hard to cheat. It will be harder to
cheat. Now not that people won't try. I
think it helps the engagement. Now do I
think gambling is good is a different
conversation. Do you? I don't gamble.
Do I think gambling is good?
I I have I I have very
you know how I I come at you hard?
Imagine what I do to my kids on gambling
Smoking.
>> health, smoking and drinking.
>> [laughter]
>> I feel bad for my children. I mean it's
unrelenting. Articles.
Conversations. Yeah.
It's horrible. Yeah. But it you know
that's that's the job of a being a
parent. When you see the tech the layer
of massive technology companies I mean
you talked to all these guys all the
time I'm sure. What's your impression of
like what's going on in like big tech
kind of writ large?
>> So here's my understanding with with
Sam. Sam has made a trillion two in
obligations.
It's a big number whatever it is. He has
800 million subs.
Let's just say it does 14 billion in
revenue.
It'll probably lose five billion.
Do you understand it?
I'm I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm
definitely not as smart as you or any of
these investors.
They must see something and the only way
it pays off
unless I'm wrong now
George Gilder would scream at me. He
goes every technology has created more
jobs.
This is the only technology at this
level of spend you have to be taking
jobs.
Jobs have to go away.
And then the government's going to have
to pick them up and we're going to be
more efficient and okay.
I don't understand the math. I'm not
smart enough to understand the math. You
know what I do know?
How to put on a fight.
And put on an event. That's what I know.
>> [laughter]
>> I just don't understand this math. Who
is the person that you represent or have
represented that's the most innovative
in this landscape right now? You
mentioned Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, he
seems pretty damn innovative.
>> Yeah. They're all testing new you know
Kim Kardashian is, Mark Wahlberg is,
Dwayne Johnson is. They're all kind of
looking at it and figuring out um
how to play in it. Not all of them. Like
Aaron Sorkin isn't.
Larry David isn't. But you know,
they're just great creators. Marty
Scorsese isn't. He's just a great
creator.
But there's some
um actors, writers, directors that are
looking at it
and trying to figure out where they sit
in it. And I think
the first thing they all have to do,
they have to start playing with it.
And they're all starting to play with
it. What has you most worried about the
future and most excited about the
future?
>> are you Do you have kids? Yeah.
I'm worried for my kids.
Why?
>> You mean I didn't tell you this? So I'm
sitting there, I'm having my normal
every 6-month meeting, lunch, dinner
with Elon and we're talking about AI. He
said this to me, he goes life cannot be
disrupted. I said, "Okay."
>> [laughter]
>> I have 2 years.
So um
and we're talking about AI and he goes
to me All right, do you have a dog?
I said, "Yeah." AI is you and you're the
dog.
>> [laughter]
>> I said, "I don't like that." He goes,
"That's what's happening. That's going
to happen."
Well, you and I have kids. Like
I haven't figured out which you know, as
a parent we have to think about it. What
Where my kids sit.
That makes me nervous. That makes me
really cuz I'm like
You're kind of sad.
>> I'm over the hill. Yeah. 4 months I'm
65.
Who gives a [__] about me?
>> [laughter]
>> You know, I have I have 30-year-olds. I
have a 23-year-old that works at Apple.
Like
And you know, I I
I've heard him speak about his kids.
That's hard. Like what what do you
What are we telling them? What are they
supposed to be doing? What do you think
the answer to that is?
>> I don't know. I actually don't know.
>> have a guess? No, I don't. Do you? You
talk to a lot of people. What's what's
What are they saying to you? Create
things. Make things.
>> Right. Ideas. Yeah, ideas. Use use the
tools.
>> Yeah. Make new things.
>> Yeah. So far these things aren't going
to make everything. And I'm not sure how
fast I mean, I know everybody's
everybody's saying it's coming very
fast. So
there's an a numerator and denominator
here, right?
In the United States, I think it's just
us and China really. But um
you know, I don't know if it's the
numerator numerator or the denominator,
but there's this thing called
energy and energy delivery
that I'm not sure yet
is there for it to be in the next
at at full AGI
capacity. Meaning literally the power?
>> The power and also
how we deliver the power. So it's a big
problem so But yes. It'll take a while.
Yeah. It's going to take a while.
>> Yeah.
So we have a little bit of time. But we
have to still be thinking like what the
[__] are we telling our kids? What about
what's most exciting? I've started I've
I've started this new business called
Mari
trying to make that into the next Live
Nation
there in music.
Or
you know, build this new company
at having learned
cuz I'm not a PE firm, but I'm a
company.
But I've learned all these different
skill sets. Why why do that one
separately than the original company
with UFC and Because Silver Lake just
wanted the WWE
that William Morris to be He just wanted
Endeavor to be an agency.
So he was one selling down the events
and a bunch of other assets that we
wanted to buy at TKO
to pay down the debt. And and Live is
where I wanted to be. So I was like,
"Fuck it. I'll just raise a bunch of
money."
And the good thing is
which I felt really I felt really good
about. I actually did feel really good.
Like this crazy idea I had, people like
saying, "Yeah, you're right." And so now
I want to make them a lot of money.
And which I've done for a lot of people.
Then I'll make myself a lot more money.
Not that I care, but I you know, it is a
>> to be right.
>> No, but I want to be right. It is a
benchmark, right? And these people
should make a lot of money cuz I want
them to.
And um yeah. I know you love art. What
has the world of art taught you? You
know, I have a very specific
area of art I collect.
>> Which is what? I collect
African-American
artist
mainly American.
But now Africa and other places.
From about 19
40 to now. Why that?
I don't know. It just spoke to me. I
have no idea why.
So it's from Sam Gilliam, Bob Thompson
to
Kara Walker, Mark Bradford
to um
Noah Davis
He passed away. Incredible artist.
Yeah. And I just
I love it. And so I'm just like
deep.
>> Yeah.
And unrelenting.
>> [laughter]
>> Shocking. Yeah.
Long live.
>> Yeah. My favorite question is my last
one that I ask everybody. What is the
kindest thing that anyone's ever done
for you?
>> Oh. The kindest thing anybody's ever
given me is trust. You know, clients
trust me to with their biggest dreams.
Like crazy.
When Tyler Perry comes to me and says,
"Here's what I want to do." or
Marty or Larry David or
That's an incredible gift
of kindness. Egon backing my play
multiple times.
And then I would just say to you like I
have now in my life a great life.
I never realized it before. I was just
on on the field.
And I have a great second wife, Sara
Staudinger, who's got a great fashion
business, Staud. And I think I have
great brothers, but I have
like four incredible kids. And that
I'm a lucky guy.
Cuz they I love them and they love me.
It's a crazy as your kids get older.
It's crazy to have these conversations
with these things that are now adults.
And they say to you and do things
that are just
beyond your imagination. And it is the
nicest thing to see that happen in your
life.
From a kid from me
that they didn't think I was supposed to
go to college.
And that
that this this this life has happened
for me. And my parents were incredible.
So I was like I'm like
the all those things collectively are
the
>> A lot of kindness. kindness that that
has happened.
And um
there's plenty of times I was not
deserving of it. I definitely was not
cuz I didn't realize
how you're supposed to act and
you know, you're supposed to get off the
field and
So yeah.
I absolutely love talking to you. I love
your energy. I love how you approach the
world. You're so distinct and
interesting. Thank you so much for your
time.
>> I really appreciate you.